Add health rules explainers (#119)
vmware-tanzu/cartographer-site: content/docs/v0.4.0/health-rules.md

# Health Rules

Cartographer reports the health of each object stamped on the cluster. If no health rule is specified in the template

> that created the object, Cartographer will report that the object is healthy. By defining one of several types of health

Reviewer: It's more complicated when no health rule is specified. The object must be stamped successfully and it produces an output, unless it's a ClusterTemplate which is exempt from this last rule.

> that created the object, Cartographer will report that the object is healthy. By defining one of several types of health
> rules, a template can ensure that the proper status is returned to users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that created the object, Cartographer will report that the object is healthy, if it is accepted by the apiserver and, where relevant, has produced an output. By 
defining one of several types of health rules, a template can ensure that the proper status is returned to users.
```

of the health rules.

For some controllers, two conditions must be met for the object to be healthy. For example in Deployments, users want
both the `Available` and `Progressing` conditions to be true. For other resources, one condition indicates the object is
healthy and another condition indicates that the object is unhealthy. Kapp's `App` resource behaves in this manner, if
the `ReconcileSucceeded` condition is true the object is healthy, while if the `ReconcileFailed` condition is true the
object is unhealthy. Multimatch can address both of these use cases.

When specifying multiMath, users must define both what constitutes healthy and what indicates unhealthy. Users may
specify multiple matchers. The matchers for healthy must all be met for an object to be healthy. If any of the matchers
under unhealthy are met, the object is considered unhealthy.

```yaml
  healthRule:
    multiMatch:
      healthy: #! matchers here are ANDed
        ...
      unhealthy: #! matchers here are ORed
        ...
```

There are two types of matchers available, matchConditions and matchFields.

### Match Conditions

> MatchConditions are straightforward. Users specify the `type` of the condition on the object that should be inspected.
> Users also specify which `status` value is considered a match. When a matcher set is satisfied, the `message`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MultiMatch's MatchConditions provide more nuance to SingleCondition. Users specify the `type` of the condition on the object that should be inspected as well as the `status` value which is considered a match. When a matcher set is satisfied, the `message`
```
